this
good
hello I am xavier mathieu chief of
kitchen owns the water
sterile fébus and spa in gordes en
provence relay châteaux à mackerel
michelin I'm going to prepare you
recipe for marshmallow and lemon
theme so for this recipe we have
need two egg whites 300 g of
sugar 8 sheets of gelatin 200 g of
lemon juice infuse sugar theme
ice cream mixed with corn starch and
after a special game like
a sugar thermometer on a drummer
fresh water
so how to start the recipe so
we're going to put the egg whites to
to mount completely firm and at the same
time put the cooking sugar in the
lemon juice in which we made a
rifle of the theme
we pass lemon juice for not only
good old men one hundred inside
add sugar
taking care not to put too much in
on the sides to prevent the callas
ministro so 300 g sugar for 200 g
of lemon juice
we're going to cook it with the
sugar thermometer up to 115 Greek
with a brush and water we pass
around
to clean and remove small
pieces of sugar that are around for
avoid caramelization then do
attention in cooking the lemon that
takes volume quickly while
the jokes of France in a comfort the
gelatin in cold water ice water
you have to watch the cooking of
sugar because with lemon juice and
sugar takes a lot of volume against
a lack if there was water where that
would stay at the bottom we can prepare the
plate to rid the marshmallow
when she is ready so a mixture of
icing sugar and cornflour
good now I 'm in class the
cornstarch because the icing sugar all
alone would take more humility and the
cornstarch absorbs moisture
we'll go back to white, we'll go well
gelatin for the bike incorporates
lemon juice and cooked sugar
Argentina make it instantly
nearly
there is a body carrying sugar
likecool well it mixes well with the
egg white meringue and then on
let it spin so that the mixture will be
this good is a touching bowl like that
finally temperature we feel good
blender temperature is in the process of
regain volume and now he
just get rid of it with a maryse
and leave a day and a night
the preparation to dry for then
cut off so 48 hours later the
marshmallow to dry
and cut it with a knife
she simply became 4
August 2
here are free with lemon and the term